# Week 6 - Dynamic Seat Maps and Documentaion

## Dynamic Seat Maps
This week the dynamic seat maps were implemented after some collaboration from both team members. Going into the challenge we both assumed it would be simple to implement, with some new variables and for loops however this was not the case. After trialing displaying the seats using python for loops in the html page we transitioned to using JavScript to dynamically create the seat map. Switching to JavaScript was successfull. Sucessfully implementing the dynamic seat maps was a significant achievement for the team. Having the seat map dynamically displayed brought some new challenges as seats that have been booked were no longer displaying as occupied. We solved this by having the variable grabbing all the seats defined within in the function which is used to label occupied seats.

## Some more seats
We discovered a bug this week where if a booking is cancelled the seat map was not updated and the seat still displayed as being occupied rather than being available. Scott was able to solve this issue. We also added a verfication step to ensure the seat a user is trying to book is not already booked. 

## Dates
Nacé implemented a date and time picker on the home page where the user selects the date and time they wish to book for. This date and time is then passed to the seat selection page. The next steps is to add the date selected to the booking since the current date associated with a booking is predefined.

## Documentation
This week Nacé made a start at the documentation that is still required for the project. She made a start on the technical specification document and the user manual. She has written an overview for the project so far and has been working on the problems and solutions section as well. She has also set up a layout for the user manual.

## Next Week
### Todo:
* Continue with documentation
* Complete the booking verfication in models 
* Add the date selected to the booking
* Add timetable to the database

### Stretch Goals:
* Implement CSS
* More testing
* User evaluation & feedback