# Week 2 - Basket functionality and bug fixes 

## Login with Google

This week after some trial and eror we decided against embedding the google login page into our website, instead we implemented a button that redirects the user to the google login page. This was done as we were having issues with the google login page not loading correctly when embedded. In the process of implementing login in with google we encountered a bug where logging in with google is not successfull on the first try and displays a social network login failure error. This results in a user having to follow a jump link to the google login page and then logging in again. After some research we found that this is a known bug when registering a new app with google using 127.0.0.1:8000 or local host as the domain. This can be fixed when we deploy the app to a domain.

## Updating db.sqlite3 file

Since we are using git with mutiple branches to manage out project allowing us to work on different features at the same time without affecting the others work. However when merging different branches we found that the data within the db.sqlite3 file was not being updated consistantly. This was due to django registering the file as a datbase rather than a file. To fix this issue we removed the file from the repo nd kept it locally. After this we added the file to the gitignore file so that it would not be tracked by git. This allowed us to keep the file locally and not have to worry about it being overwritten by other branches. We then added a seed.py to refresh the daatbas. We are also using this to populate our social application to allow for login with google. However we still have to manully select the chosen sites on the admin dashboard. We are still looking into a way to automate this process. We are also cosidering using this file to create a superuser for the admin dashboard.

## Basket functionality

This week we implemented adding to and removing fom the basket and displaying the basket. We have also implemented a completing bookings. These are all implmented on a very basic level and will be improved to include features such specific seat selection once seat mapping has been completed.

### Add to basket, remove from basket and display basket
We implemented adding to the basket. When viewing a specific room a user can then add that room to their basket. The user can then go to the basket using the nav bar where their booking is displayed. When in the basket the user can also delete booking from the basket. Within the basket the user can also use a button to redirect them to the booking form which will allow the user to complete the booking. Scott worked on thi functionality.
### Complete bookings
We have also implemeted maing bookings. A booking is completed by using a booking form the booking form takes the details from the room added to the basket, the form also takes an input of the users name. The validity of the form is checked and a booking is saved if the form is valid and the basket is deleted. Nacé was responsible for the booking form, she faced some issues with the booking being completed successfully however was able to fix it after doing some research. 