# Week 5 - Seat Maps and Booking Verification
## Seat Maps
This week we both got the seat map implementation almost finished. Users can select a room from a dropdown and the map updates accordingly, with already-booked seats turning blue and being disabled so that the current user cannot select them. The seat a user selects is attached to their booking and that room's booked_seats table updates accordingly and other users are precented from booking that seat.

We still have yet to implement the dynamic seat maps due to facing some time constraints as a result of our two-week sprint module. We will be implementing this in the coming weeks.

Also, we discovered an bug that has appeared wherein if a booking is cancelled, the seat map is not updated to release the seat that was part of this booking and make it available for other users to book. We will be fixing this bug in the coming weeks.

## Booking Verification
Scott worked on implementing the booking verification. There were some challeneges with this, namely:
<!-- insert an unordered list -->
* We want users to use their phone to scan the QR code. This required researching how to access the webapp that was running on localhost on Scott's laptop on his phone. We found that we could simply run the server on the same network as the phone and access it using the IP address of the laptop. This was a simple solution to a problem that we had been struggling with for a while.


* We found that due to the phone's IP being different to the laptop's, Google login didn't work. A workaround of setting up a local, non-Google account for testing the functionality was implemented.

Once Scott got past these hurdles, he attached the booking ID to the 'Verify' button, which, when pressed, gets the booking ID and loads the URL "http//127.0.0.1:8000/verify/[booking_id]". He then used JavaScript to pass this booking ID to the verify_booking function in views.py, which returns JSON with the room and seat number of the booking. With this information to hand, the user's camera opens and they take a picture of a QR code (a different QR code will be located on each seat in the room, it will contain the room and seat number in the format "L1.28_Seat1"). 

Initially, Scott tried to simply send this image to the GoQr API and have it simply read the QR code and return the data contained within. However, he ran into CORS issues and was unable to get this to work. After two or so days of messing around with this idea, he abandoned it and tried a different approach. He decided to first use the Imgur API to upload the image to Imgur, then use the GoQr API to read the QR code from the image on Imgur by getting the image URL from Imgur and passing it to GoQr. This worked, but it was very slow and the user had to wait for the image to upload to Imgur before the QR code could be read. This is in part due to Scott's upload speed being very slow, and in DCU we have a very fast upload speed, so this would be much faster in DCU. However, if time allows, it would be a good idea to optimise this further.

Once the QR code is read, the data is returned and the room and seat number are compared to the room and seat number of the booking. If they match, the booking is verified. If they don't match, the user is redirected to the booking page and a message is displayed saying that the QR code was invalid.

We still have yet to handle updating the booking in the database to mark it as verified. We will be implementing this in the coming weeks.

## Other
The rest of the week was plagued with Git issues, which were frustrating to sort out. This was in addition to discovering that the seat map was not updating when a booking was cancelled.

## Next Week
### Todo:
* Fix bug where seat map is not updated when a booking is cancelled
* Implement dynamic seat maps
* Finish booking verification implementation
* Enable the seat map to be updated depending on the date and time the user selects

### Stretch Goals:
* Implement CSS
* More testing
* User evaluation & feedback

