# Week 7 - more Documentation, Testing and Bug Fixes
## Documentation
This week Nacé continued to work on the documentation and has completed a draft of the technical specification document. Scott assisted her with creating some diagrams for the documentation. The documentation is still a work in progress and will be completed next week.

## Testing
Sccott has been working on testing the project and compiled a list of areas to test. He has been testing the project and has found a few bugs. He has been working on fixing these bugs and has been able to fix most of them. The areas of testing have been written down with the expected results and the actual results, and those that failed have been written down as bugs, some of which have been fixed.

## Booking Verification
Scott has been working on implementing the booking verification in the models. He has been able to implement the booking verification in the models and has been able to test it. The booking verification is now working as expected.

## Bug Fixes
Scott has been working on fixing the bugs that have been found. He has been able to fix most of them. The bugs that have been fixed are:
* The seat map was not updating when a booking was cancelled
* Two bookings could be made for the same seat if a user selected a seat but did not complete the booking, then another user selected the same seat and completed the booking.
* The wrong time was being displayed on the booking confirmation page due to it being incorrectly formatted.

## Miscellaneous Improvements
Scott discovered some areas of the code that could be improved and has been working on improving them. He has been able to improve the code in these areas and has been able to test them. For example, previously users could enter a date in the past when booking a seat. Similarly, users could enter a start time that was after the end time. Both of these issues have been fixed.

In addition, the number of steps required to book a seat has been reduced. Previously, users had to select a date and time, then select a seat, then visit the basket, then confirm the booking. Now, users can select a date and time, then select a seat and confirm the booking without the basket step.

## Next Week
This is our plan for next week:
* Continue with documentation
* Finalise CSS
* Try to get the date stored with seat objects so the seat maps can be displayed for different dates

