# Week 19 - Updates Since Chrsitmas Break & Exams

Over the past month or so, we have worked on having a working basic implementatino of the frontend and backend of our application. A significant amount of time was spent trying to get Google Login working with our Vue frontend, after having success using it with the Django backend. Unfortunately, after numerous attempts, we kept running into issues with this caused by deprecated libraries and a lack of supported libraries that worked correctly with Vue 2, which is what we were using.

Eventually, we decided to move on from this and instead focus on getting a basic implementation of the frontend working without Google Login. We have now managed to get a basic implementation of the frontend working, with the ability to create an account, login, and logout. We also added in a feature where a user will receive an email when creating a new account, with a link to verify their email address. This is done using the Django built in email functionality, and the link will redirect the user to a page on the frontend which will then send a request to the backend to verify the user's email address.

In hindsight, we are considering our inability to successfully implement Login with Google as a positive development—not every university provides students with Google accounts like DCU does, TUD being one such exception. Since we are aiming to build an application that will easily integrate with any university, having a dependency on Google accounts may not have been the best idea in the first place.

To validate that a user signing up is actually a student at the university they claim to be, we plan to use the university's email address as a means of verification. When signing up, the domain of the user's email address (e.g. @mail.dcu.ie) will be checked to ensure that it is the correct one for that university. The email domain will be configurable in config.py, and later the administration panel, so that it can be changed if necessary. This will allow us to easily change the domain if the university changes their email domain.

We also plan to add in a feature where a user can request a password reset email if they forget their password. This will be done using the same method as the email verification, where a link will be sent to the user's email address which will redirect them to a page on the frontend. This page will then send a request to the backend to reset the user's password.

### Summary of Things to Do Over the Next Few Weeks

- Add more pages to the frontend
- Add a feature to allow users to request a password reset email to change their password
- Create additional models on the backend for seats, buildings etc
- Implement the booking logic on the backend, i.e. basket, boking confirmation, etc
- Implement the booking logic on the frontend, i.e. basket, boking confirmation, etc
- Add a feature to emable users to verify their booking to prevent misuse of the system
- Write some unit tests & add a CI/CD implementation on GitLab to run them when a commit is pushed
- Invesitgate the use of Docker to containerise our application
